Zucchini Carbonara

Zucc cabonara
1. Chop zucc (2 zuccs) half and then quarter into pieces
2. put into colander over bowl and salt and peper liberally
3. while this drains for 10-15 minutes, grate cheese (paramsean or pecerino)
4. ricki is cheese addict (as is the tom) use whole big hunk ;) and grate with fevor
5. force boyfriend to grate cheese (his hands are indeed clean) after 30 seconds because she realizes she hates it
6. grate forever and ever until entropy takes the world around you apart
7. layer olive oil on pan (none of that cheap walmart shtuff) 
8. put it on medium high tempertaure until it is a step above smoking
9. pour zucc over paper towel and pat dry
10. use star wars themed spatula to cook woth( MANDATORY) 
11. Once pan is aptly hot enough go ahead and chuck the zucc into the pan
12. get it evenly coated in olive oil
13. reduce to medium heat
14. optional, if you are nola trash throw in some tonys
15. if american trash throw in garlic powder, dont even think about using real garlic you jabroni
16. cook zucc until browned, not burnt, brown
17. start boiling water in a seperate pot for da pasta
18. dont be a rick and just let it brown, dont micromanage ya dum dum
19. get a scale that youve been meaning to get for many moons but havent yet and measure out 160g of good pasta or make your own pasta. dont put too much or live to regret it
20. take zucc of heat after browned
21. start cooking pasta to al dente
22. add 2 egg yolks and one whole egg into a metal bowl
23. do not over whisk, just a little
24. add bits of cheese as you whisk and pepper as well to make ot creamy until gradually, do not add too much making the eggs mixture chunky, do not dry out eggs
25. drain pasta and add to egg mocture as quickly as possible so the pasta retains as much heat as possible
26. whisk and cover pasta in egg
27. add the zucc with all them good juices
28. grab tongs and toss, dealers choise on how you preffer to toss
29. coat everything in egg
30. add more cheese if desired
31.then wait for 2 minutes for egg to fully cook in mixture after everything has been coated
32. serve when cooled enough not to scorch your mouthhole(optional)